A new day has dawned in the mushroom land. It's just a normal boring day.The Mario detective brothers have started work as usual early in the morning.Mario and luigi are spending time very restlessly these days.The reason is that the most dangerous criminal in the mushroom land known as Timmy has been on the loose for several weeks committing various crimes throughout the area.No one was able to bring him under the law.Ummm.. that's enough about Timmy for now.Let's get back to the story.Mario has already gathered evidence about Timmy's crimes.And he already knew what Timmy's strengths and weaknesses were.

tv noise and scene changed to the tv.

OH... Looks like Timmy is going to rob a bank today too.The news about his robbery is shown on every news program on every television channel.This is a great opportunity for Mario bros.
The Mario brothers immediately get out of the house and get into a taxi to go to the bank where the crime takes place.
Not long after, Mario brothers reache the bank.The police has already surrounded the bank and the sirens were ringing all around it.Suddenly Mario sees a door of a tunnel leading inside the bank.

[clearing throats...]

Now don't ask me why the police didn't see that door and only mario did so.The police didn't see it anyways and just listen to the rest of the story.

Mario enters the tunnel unseen.He slowly crawls forward and then enters the bank from somewhere inside.What he sees before him is scary.The bank officials and customers are on their knees and they are shiverring.Two masked robber is pointing the gun at them.And another two robbers are filling their bags with money from safe.One of those two is wearing a mask and the otherone is not.Mario recognizes him without any effort.It's Timmy.Mairo can't spend time planning anymore.He takes out his silent gun and shoots the two robbers before hostages without hesitation.The two robbers dragged to the hell right away.The other two robbers at the safe escape from mario and start running up the stairs to the upper floor.Mario takes actions right at that moment.He is chasing robbers and shooting at them at the same time.But the robbers could get onto the rooftop safely and Mario also reached the rooftop chasing after them.Now Mario and two robbers are on the rooftop face to face.

Put down the bags and surrender...right nooow....

As soon as those words came out of Mario's mouth, he was shocked by what he saw in his eyes.It was a very cute and adorable puppy.He had the most charming, a dazling pair of eyes that could mezmerize anyone by a glance.Mario dropped the gun from his hand and he was not aware at all.He didn't know what was happening around him except the cute dog.Timmy and his team member was laughing out loud.Suddenlt a helicopter appeared in the scene and it landed beside robbers.Mario didn't know what was happening.He was not concious.Two robbers boarded the helicopter.Mario was still looking at adorable dog's eyes.So is the dog.

Borzoi...Timmy called the dog.

The dog turned towards the helicopter without thinking twice.He looked back at Mario one last time as he walked towards the helicopter.Mario was still on his knees looking at the dog with hypnotized eyes.Those eyes were saying Borzoi not to go.But Borzoi can't betray his owner.He boarded the helicopter.Then The helicopter started to fly away gradually.












